 It was a very odd watch.  W e may as well go and join the celebrations.  It grew steadily louder as they glanced up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it www.  No one knows why , or how , but they’re saying that when he couldn’ t kill Harry Potter , V oldemort’ s power somehow broke — and that’ s why he’ s gone.  “He’ll have that scar forever .  He laid Harry gently on the P a g e | 17 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J.  Rowling THE V ANASHIG GLASS Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all.  And they’ve got this son — I noticed him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets.  “And I don’ t suppose you’re going to tell me why you’re here, of all places?  Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street.  “W ell,” stated Dumbledore finally , “that’ s that. com were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “T o Harry Potter — the young man who lived! com the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’ s eyes seemed to have gone out.  He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a www.  Rowling doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry’ s blankets, and then came back to the other two.  “W e may never know . ztcprep. ” “Y es,” stated Professor McGonagall.  “I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall,” stated Dumbledore, nodding to her .  They’re the only family he has left now . com and gave him what must have been a very scratchy , whiskery kiss. ztcprep.  Rowling “I would trust Hagrid with my life,” stated Dumbledore.  Dumbledore gave a great snif f as he took a golden watch from his pocket and examined it.  In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets.  Can’ t you see how much better of f he’ll be, www. K. ” repeated Professor McGonagall faintly , sitting back down on the wall.  Rowling feet and pointing at number four .  “Good luck, Harry ,” he murmured. ” “S-s-sorry ,” sobbed Hagrid, taking out a lar ge, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it.  It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because he put it back in his pocket and said, “Hagrid’ s late.  These people will never understand him! ” “I’ve come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle.  Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls.  Y ou couldn’ t www.  The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys’ front door; it crept into their living room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr . ” “Y ou don’ t mean — you can’ t mean the people who live her e ? ztcprep.  On the corner he stopped and took out the silver Put- Outer .  For a full minute the three of them stood and glanced at the little bundle; Hagrid’ s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously , and www. K.  He glanced simply too big to be allowed, and so wild — long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. ztcprep. ” “W e can only guess,” stated Dumbledore.  “At last.  “Shhh!  “I’m not saying his heart isn’ t in the right place,” stated Professor McGonagall grudgingly , “but you can’ t pretend he’ s not careless.  “After all he’ s done … all the people he’ s killed … he couldn’ t kill a little boy? ztcprep.  “Hagrid,” stated Dumbledore, sounding relieved. ” “It’ s the best place for him,” stated Dumbledore firmly . ” “Even if I could, I wouldn’ t. com Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles.  Dursley’ s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley . ztcprep. ” “Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir ,” stated the giant, climbing carefully of f the motorcycle as he spoke.  He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone. ” hissed Professor McGonagall, “you’ll wake the Muggles!  “It would be enough to turn any boy’ s head. ” cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her P a g e | 14 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J. K.  “Is that where — ? ” “A letter?  Scars can come in handy . com tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street.  Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up.  It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving around the edge.  I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Under ground. ztcprep. ” “No problems, were there? ” Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys’ house. ” Dumbledore nodded glumly .  I’ve written them a letter .  “Y es,” stated Dumbledore.  “I know … I know …” he stated heavily . ” P a g e | 16 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J.  It’ s just astounding … of all the things to stop him … but how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?  I’ve got him, sir . com growing up away from all that until he’ s ready to take it?  Then, suddenly , Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog. com find two people who are less like us.  He fell asleep as we was flyin’ over Bristol.  Famous before he can walk and talk! believe it … Oh, Albus …” Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder . K.  He does tend to — what was that?  G’night, Professor McGonagall — Professor Dumbledore, sir . ztcprep. com out all right before the Muggles started swarmin’ around.  … He couldn’ t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country www.  But how is the young man getting here, Dumbledore?  P a g e | 13 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J.  If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it.  “Y oung Sirius Black lent it to me. ” Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, “Y es — yes, you’re right, of course. com swelled to a roar as they both glanced up at the sky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.  He’ll be famous — a legend — I wouldn’ t be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter Day in the future — there will be books written about Harry — every child in our world will know his name!  He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide.  “It’ s — it’ s true ?  Rowling place you would expect astonishing things to happen. K.  “Hagrid’ s bringing him. ” www.  Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.  “But I c-c- can’ t stand it — Lily an’ James dead — an’ poor little Harry of f ter live with Muggles —” “Y es, yes, it’ s all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we’ll be found,” Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door .  Rowling Professor McGonagall’ s voice trembled as she went on. ” P a g e | 15 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J. ” “Exactly ,” stated Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his half-moon glasses.  W e’ve no business staying here.  He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four . ” W iping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and of f into the night. ztcprep.  “Really , Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter?  “Could I — could I say good-bye to him, sir?  Rowling Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets.  Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply .  Inside, just visible, was a baby young man , fast asleep. ” “Y eah,” stated Hagrid in a very muf fled voice, “I’d best get this bike away . ” P a g e | 19 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J. K.  Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how www. ” asked Hagrid.  A breeze ruf fled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky , the very last P a g e | 18 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J.  “His aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he’ s older . ” A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them.  “Dumbledore — you can’ t. ” “Couldn’ t you do something about it, Dumbledore?  I’ve been watching them all day .  He couldn’ t kill that little young man . ” “No, sir — home was almost destroyed, but I got him www. ” She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.  But — he couldn’ t.  Famous for something he won’ t even remember!  “That’ s not all. ” whispered Professor McGonagall. K.  W ell — give him here, Hagrid — we’d better get this over with.  They’re saying he tried to kill the Potters’ son, Harry .  He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry www.  I suppose it was he who told you I’d be here, by the way? ” faltered Professor McGonagall.  Harry Potter come and live here! ” “Y ou think it — wise — to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?  One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. ztcprep.  And where did you get that motorcycle?