 Hagrid glanced down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.  Although he could tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.  Y eh’d die of hunger tryin’ ter get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat. ” “Don’ t worry about that,” stated Hagrid, standing up and scratching his head. ” Hagrid drew himself up proudly .  Deep under the Under ground.  “Um — Hagrid?  “Ministry o’ Magic messin’ things up as usual,” Hagrid muttered, turning the page.  He’ s of f ter the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world.  T ap. ” He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker , a sharp squeal, and P a g e | 65 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J.  He went straight to the window and jerked it open.  Rowling www.  “What?  Fetchin’ you — gettin’ things from Gringotts — knows he can trust me, see.  “If I was ter — er — speed things up a bit, would yeh mind not mentionin’ it at Hogwarts? K.  His name’ s been down ever since he was born.  It had been such a good dream.  Rowling was an owl rapping its claw on the window , a newspaper held in its beak. ztcprep.  “Be grateful if yeh didn’ t mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts,” he said.  Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSUL T — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!  Y er mad. ” yelled Uncle V ernon. ” They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at www.  Then he flew of f through the open window . ” stated Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots. ” Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read www. com DIAGON ALL Y Harry woke early the next morning.  “Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?  The boat Uncle V ernon had hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.  Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it P a g e | 71 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J.  Gringotts.  Rowling twice on the side of the boat, and they sped of f toward land.  “Shouldn’ ta lost me temper ,” he stated ruefully , “but it didn’ t work anyway .  “I dreamed a giant called Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards.  Nah, first stop fer us is Gringotts.  In me third year .  Run by goblins. ” “The little bronze ones. ” P a g e | 67 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J.  “He usually gets me ter do important stuf f fer him.  “Oh, well — I was at Hogwarts meself but I — er — www.  “All right,” Harry mumbled, “I’m getting up. ” “Why?  The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Hagrid, who didn’ t wake up.  “They say there’ s dragons guardin’ the high-security vaults. ” “Y eah — so yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it, I’ll tell yeh www. ” “W ell, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there’ s still witches an’ wizards up an’ down the country .  Come on, then. ” He sat up and Hagrid’ s heavy coat fell of f him. ” Harry asked. K.  So he pelts Dumbledore with owls every morning, askin’ fer advice. K.  Have a sausage, they’re not bad cold — an’ I wouldn’ say no teh a bit o’ yer birthday cake, neither .  When I open my eyes I’ll be at home in my cupboard. ” P a g e | 72 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J. K.  As a matter o’ fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway Fer Dumbledore.  Rowling small leather pouch tied to it. ” Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way , but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat. com his newspaper , the Daily Pr ophet.  When he turned his back on them, Harry noticed a curly pig’ s tail poking through a hole in his trousers.  Never mess with goblins, Harry . ” “He wants payin’ fer deliverin’ the paper . ztcprep. ” “But if their home was destroyed —” “They didn’ keep their gold in the house, boy! ” “It’ s gettin’ late and we’ve got lots ter do tomorrow ,” stated Hagrid loudly .  Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn’ t much left ter do. com got expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. ” www.  “It was a dream,” he told himself firmly . com “Mm?  “Seems a shame ter row , though,” stated Hagrid, giving Harry another of his sideways looks.  “Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an’ that.  Harry had learned from Uncle V ernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very dif ficult, he’d never had so many questions in his life. ” “Just the one.  But he had finally gone too far .  “They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister , o’ course, but he’d never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job.  T ap. ” stated Harry loudly . ztcprep.  “Give him five Knuts,” stated Hagrid sleepily . ” There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.  “Hagrid!  Rowling He took of f his thick black coat and threw it to Harry . com pain. com that.  But he still didn’ t open his eyes.  I was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an’ get yer letters to yeh an’ stuf f — one o’ the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job —” “Why aren’ t you supposed to do magic?  The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid’ s coat.  He’ll be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a change, an’ he’ll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had, Albus Dumbled—” “I AM NOT P A YING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL T O TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!  T ap.  “Don’ mind if it wriggles a bit, I think I still got a couple o’ dormice in one o’ the pockets.  The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over , Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there www.  Rowling the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in www. ztcprep. com Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying.  “How did you get here? ” Harry dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.  Not s’pposed ter use magic now I’ve got yeh. ” Hagrid’ s coat seemed to be made of nothing but www. ” “But what does a Ministry of Magic do ? ” Harry was turning over the sorcerer coins and looking at them.  Look in the pockets. ” Harry followed Hagrid out onto the rock.  “ ’Course,” stated Hagrid.  “I’m — er — not supposed ter do magic, strictly speakin’.  “Don’ t do that. ztcprep.  “ Flew ?  “Knuts?  Gringotts is the safest place in the world fer anything yeh want ter keep safe — ’cept maybe Hogwarts.  He had just thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puncture. ztcprep.  And ther e ’ s Aunt Petunia knocking on the door , Harry thought, his heart sinking.  But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper .  Seven years there and he won’ t know himself.  “Got everythin’? ” He cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrows.  They snapped me wand in half an’ everything.  Uncle V ernon roared.  Hogwarts business.  And then yeh gotta find yer way — Gringotts is hundreds of miles under London, see. ” Harry asked, looking around for another boat.  P a g e | 70 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J.  “I haven’ t got any money — and you heard Uncle V ernon last night … he won’ t pay for me to go and learn magic.  “Flew ,” stated Hagrid.  “D’yeh think yer parents didn’ t leave yeh anything?  “Best be of f, Harry , lots ter do today , gotta get up ter London an’ buy all yer stuf f fer school.  The sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. ” P a g e | 66 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J.  Rowling www. ” Harry asked, before he could stop himself.  Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them. ztcprep. ” asked Harry . ztcprep. ” “Y eah — but we’ll go back in this.  “Y ou can kip under that,” he said.  Great man, Dumbledore.  W izards’ bank. com pockets — bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags … finally , Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins. ” “W izards have banks ? ztcprep.  “There’ s a Ministry of Magic? ztcprep. son goin’ ter Hogwarts! K. ” Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a P a g e | 69 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J. ” “Why were you expelled?  “There’ s an owl —” “Pay him,” Hagrid grunted into the sofa. K. K.  Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a lar ge balloon was swelling inside him.  Hagrid yawned loudly , sat up, and stretched.  “Spells — enchantments,” stated Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke. K. com P a g e | 68 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone – J.  Rowling “ Goblins ?  Bungler if ever there was one. ” “Of course not,” stated Harry , eager to see more magic.